#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==25.1.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   visions
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.14.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
comm==0.2.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dacite==1.9.2
    # via ydata-profiling
debugpy==1.8.17
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via nbformat
filetype==1.2.0
    # via ydata-profiling
fonttools==4.60.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.11
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagehash==4.3.1
    # via
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
ipykernel==7.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==9.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   ydata-profiling
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.25.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.3.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.9
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
lark==1.3.0
    # via rfc3987-syntax
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   wordcloud
    #   ydata-profiling
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
minify-html==0.16.4
    # via ydata-profiling
mistune==3.1.4
    # via nbconvert
multimethod==1.12
    # via
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.5
    # via visions
notebook==7.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.61.0
    # via ydata-profiling
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   phik
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   visions
    #   wordcloud
    #   ydata-profiling
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.5
    # via jedi
patsy==1.0.1
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
phik==0.12.5
    # via ydata-profiling
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   visions
    #   wordcloud
platformdirs==4.5.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.23.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==7.1.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
puremagic==1.30
    # via visions
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.12.1
    # via ydata-profiling
pydantic-core==2.41.3
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.9.0
    # via imagehash
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   ydata-profiling
pyzmq==27.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.37.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   ydata-profiling
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3987-syntax==1.1.0
    # via jsonschema
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
    #   ydata-profiling
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ydata-profiling
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.5
    # via ydata-profiling
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via ydata-profiling
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typeguard==4.4.4
    # via ydata-profiling
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20251008
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   typeguard
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
visions[type-image-path]==0.8.1
    # via ydata-profiling
wcwidth==0.2.14
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
wordcloud==1.9.4
    # via ydata-profiling
ydata-profiling==4.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
